when we last met I guess chef it just
open the restaurant using only local
produce found in the London area well
amazingly it's still going and not only
that it's quickly becoming one of the
most sought-after places in the capital
to eat either he's a genius
or a complete madman or a bit of both
it's of course Oliver finds gonna be
well yeah rockin basically so what do
you could anticipate today I'm going to
do a chicken which I'm going to stuff
with a chervil butter and that's gonna
go in a lovely salad with beautiful
winter leaves chicory some little gems
some watercress and some lardons some
shaved turnips and we're going to make a
little cider vinegar first I'm gonna
first I'm just going to get a cider
vinaigrette on because that takes a
little while and I'm gonna caramelize a
bit of sugar I'll do that for you you
want to do that yeah I've got a nice
nice comment on that okay and then
deglaze it with a bit i side by side and
then while while you're doing that I'm
gonna get the butter that stuff in the
chicken ready okay now using two herbs
for this is an and yeah I've got charvel
and chives
yeah and chervil is lovely it's a very
delicate and easy flavor putting those
aside for the end and from Asia this
stuffed in it but it's got like a
friendly on a CD sort of tint to it yeah
not quite as strong as as fennel or like
like like like tarragon it you know it
but it's in that family of flavors great
with chicken it use it with great with
fish also really great with fish yeah
and also I mean I'm not I'm not I'm
always much more taste conscious than
appearance conscious yeah but Charles
really just looks lovely it's a really
loves fantastic and easy to grow as well
you can go other squid dibbles find in a
supermarket so if people are trying to
find it that's good too right people
that tell people that because then
they'll grow it in in well hopefully in
London no I'm just taking this sugar
just to a light caramel then throw in it
nothing that's it okay it's trillion now
I'm going to prep the chicken
this is boned out completers no bones
left you can get that gun at your
butchers obviously where you need to
it's not the easiest thing in the world
is it really
a little knife there can you pass yes so
that's a whole chicken with just
literally no bones in - yeah a lot of
legs no thanks yeah especially if you
say just on your own you don't listen
you quite as much but this would be
great for two people for a nice party
party supper okay
just reducing that down yeah love ya
okay exactly that's lovely
I make I'm just releasing the skin away
from the meat a bit yeah cuz now we're
gonna get some of this lovely butter
stuff it right in under the meat so you
use that skin as a little pocket as well
lovely okay and I put a little bit of
seasoning in there just to make sure
that we get to do this sort of I do that
when they doing they're just a whole
roasted chicken they go underneath put
over the skin and then put this butter
underneath gives it lovely and moist
yeah exactly so we've got quite a hot
pan there yep a tad of oil not much just
to get the skin started there's all that
butter
loads of fat in the chicken doesn't need
very much it's all gonna go very very
beautiful putting that in there skin
side down we're gonna flip it in put it
any on the other way up but just to get
a lovely crispy golden screen I'm gonna
go for it